Update/detail display rules (#811)
MapsPeople/docs: src/various/display-rules.md

## Display Rule Properties

> ### In CMS

Reviewer: A general note; you need subheaders for each section to make it as accessible as possible.

> > You can currently only edit Display Rules per Type - Editing by Location will come in a future version of the CMS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can currently only edit Display Rules per Type. Editing Display Rules on single Locations will be added in an upcoming release.
```

> In the CMS, you can edit your Display Rules in `Solution Details > Types > Edit [location name] Settings`, the icon third from the left. This will open a list of the various Display Rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the CMS, you can edit your Display Rules in `Solution Details > Types > Edit [Location Type name] Display Rules`. This will open an overview of all Display Rules.
```

Reviewer: This is a typo in the CMS, and a fix is pending.

![display-rules-general](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Display_Rules_General.png)

> The "General" section only has an option to determine whether or not the Type is visible on the map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "General" visibility switch determines whether Locations of this Type are visible on the map. Moreover, the Location data is not available to the SDKs when the general visibility is turned off.
```

![display-rules-icon](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Display_Rules_Icon.png)

The "Icon" section contains options related to the appearance of the Icon.

> 1. Visibility - Controls whether the Icon is visible on the map or not.

Reviewer: You know what I think about dashes and capitalized letters after them😉

Author: But when it's used as a list separator and not in a "proper" sentence, shouldn't it be alright? 😉

> 1. Visibility - Controls whether the Icon is visible on the map or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Visibility - Controls whether the Icon is visible on the map.
```

1. Zoom from - Sets the minimum Zoom Level at which the Icon is visible.
1. Zoom to - Sets the maximum Zoom Level at which the Icon is visible.
1. Icon - Use the Icon Manager to control which Icon is shown on the map.

![display-rules-label](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Display_Rules_Label.png)

The "Label" section contains options related to the appearance of the Label.

> 1. Visibility - Controls whether the Label is visible on the map or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Visibility - Controls whether the Label is visible on the map.
```

1. Zoom from - Sets the minimum Zoom Level at which the Label is visible.
1. Zoom to - Sets the maximum Zoom Level at which the Label is visible.

> 1. Template - Controls the information the Label should contain.

Reviewer: I think you need more information about what the options are for this one.

> 1. Max width - Specify how wide a Label can be befotre forcing a line-break.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Max width - Specify how wide a Label can be before forcing a line-break.
```

![display-rules-polygon](/assets/cms/interface-overview/Display_Rules_Polygon.png)

> The "Polygon" section contains options related to the appearance of the Polygon.

Reviewer: You need more information on the implications of enabling polygon styling on the map. E.g. what does it mean for tiles? What if I change a lot of these and nothing happens in my app, what then?

This is the main part we're worried about making sure our customers understand, as we've not been great in telling about it earlier.

> 1. Visibility - Controls whether the Polygon is visible on the map or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Visibility - Controls whether the Polygon is visible on the map.
```

1. Zoom from - Sets the minimum Zoom Level at which the Polygon is visible.
1. Zoom to - Sets the maximum Zoom Level at which the Polygon is visible.

> 1. Stroke color - Controls the stroke color of the Polygon.

Reviewer: For all colors here, please put some more words on what's valid as input.

> 1. Stroke width - Controls the stroke width of the Polygon.

Reviewer: Put a few more words on what's a valid value for this.
